So before starting to code let us install java so to and download Java.
Each of our downloads.
Okay.
Then let us down.
Delete this two words and hear it.
Download job for Windows.
This is for Linux.
This is for Linux Windows.
Soon it is.
Click on Windows here.
And yes, that's down Java from here.
Once you download, just double click on it.
And next.
Next, next install the java.
Once you install the java, I need to set the environment apart here.
So for that, go to your search bar, type that and then derivative this so you can see edit system
and environmental variables.
Click on it.
Okay.
So here in environment variables, you will have to abate the part for Java home.
You need to beat.
For Java.
And then in light variable to edit and give the part of o java.
Bill?
B Well, get this part is not Bill.
You can see here like this, but you know it still.
So once you set up the part.
You can have a quick restart of your system.
And that's it.
We have java installed so to check if it is properly installed or not.
That is good coming from pure.
And then the type Java Python version.
This will give you.
The job one should.
Yes.
If you are getting the Java version, hear that mentor java is successfully installed so do this installation.
But and next to the model you will install eclipse.